c:\users\artur\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MP3Player\MP3Player\bin\Debug\MP3Player.exe.config
c:\users\artur\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MP3Player\MP3Player\bin\Debug\MP3Player.exe
c:\users\artur\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MP3Player\MP3Player\bin\Debug\MP3Player.pdb
c:\users\artur\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MP3Player\MP3Player\obj\Debug\MP3Player.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\artur\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MP3Player\MP3Player\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\artur\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MP3Player\MP3Player\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\artur\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MP3Player\MP3Player\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\artur\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MP3Player\MP3Player\obj\Debug\MP3Player_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\artur\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MP3Player\MP3Player\obj\Debug\MP3Player.g.resources
c:\users\artur\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MP3Player\MP3Player\obj\Debug\MP3Player.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\artur\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MP3Player\MP3Player\obj\Debug\MP3Player.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\artur\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MP3Player\MP3Player\obj\Debug\MP3Player.exe
c:\users\artur\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MP3Player\MP3Player\obj\Debug\MP3Player.pdb
c:\users\artur\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MP3Player\MP3Player\obj\Debug\App.baml
c:\users\artur\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MP3Player\MP3Player\bin\Debug\FirstFloor.ModernUI.dll
c:\users\artur\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MP3Player\MP3Player\bin\Debug\FirstFloor.ModernUI.xml
c:\users\artur\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MP3Player\MP3Player\obj\Debug\MyControls\PlayControl.baml
c:\users\artur\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MP3Player\MP3Player\obj\Debug\MyControls\PlayControl.g.cs
c:\users\artur\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MP3Player\MP3Player\obj\Debug\MyControls\RoundControl.baml
c:\users\artur\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MP3Player\MP3Player\obj\Debug\MyControls\RoundControl.g.cs
c:\users\artur\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MP3Player\MP3Player\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
c:\users\artur\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MP3Player\MP3Player\obj\Debug\MP3Player_MarkupCompile.lref
C:\Users\Artur\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MP3Player\MP3Player\obj\Debug\MyControls\MainPanel.g.cs
C:\Users\Artur\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MP3Player\MP3Player\obj\Debug\MyControls\MainPanel.baml
